Changelog
–––––––––
Version 1.1
Added editorial notes, and changelog to score.
Air–21: Added editorial figured bass sim. 29
Vivement, et marqué–25: Premier Dessus remove superfluous accidental
Second Air–5,6: Second Dessus, removing editorial breath marks, and adding note.
Second Air–26: Premier Dessus, removing breath mark not originally in score.
Allemande–2,7; Sarabande–3: Added additional beams to triplets (originally in score)
Allemande–5: Added additional beam to triplet (for consistency, not originally in score)
Allemande–9: Corrected erratum, Second Dessus missing tremblement on A
Allemande–13: Basse d'archet, added breath mark.
Courante–5: Corrected erratum, Premier Dessus missing tremblement on D
Rondeau–1: Corrected erratum, Premier Dessus B should be D
Rondeau–26: Corrected erratum, Second Dessus G should be F#
Gigue–12: Corrected erratum, Second Dessus has excess tremblement
Gigue–34,35,38,39: "Uncorrecting" figured bass continuation line back into slur as originally in score.
Adjusted paging in the parts such that the 2 airs are on the same page.
Spacing and positioning adjustments

Notes on 1726 edition
–––––––––––––––––––––
This is intended to be a faithful reproduction of the 1726 Boivin edition. Editorial additions are marked using square brackets and dashed slurs. While I have generally inserted breath marks where deemed appropriate based on inconsistencies in parts, the inconsistencies within the two airs are too numerous. As such, I have not inserted editorial breath marks in these movements.
The notation has generally been modernized:
  – The original score uses an accidental system in which accidentals apply only to repetitions of the same note, extending across barlines.  Accidentals have been added across the barline, as well as courtesy accidentals. These are not marked separately for brevity.
  – Only treble G and bass F clefs are used.
  – Modern repeat symbols are used. However, the repeat structure of the Rondeau is represented much more succinctly than modern repeat notation allows. In this edition, a compromise notation is used. While the repeats may generally be read in modern fashion, with "couplets" corresponding to modern over–lined endings, entering the "3e Couplet" of the Rondeau, one must jump to the "Fin" at measure 40 rather than play the "Fin" at measure 12. Other modern editions have fully written out the repeats of the Rondeau.
  – White notehead notation has been maintained. In this system, used in the French baroque in 3/2, notes with white heads have double the duration of their corresponding black–head form.
  - Bracket-like and straight-line slurs are both rendered as modern slurs
The movements preceding the Allemande are from an (unpublished) sonata written ca. 1690 entitled "L'astrée". The Boivin editions makes no mention of this title and no distinction is made between this leading sonata and the following movements.
The following glyphs are employed to represent...

Premier Dessus
––––––––––––––––––––––
Gravement, et rondemont–12,13: Second half note missing stem
Gravement–16: Missing key signature change
Gravement–19,20,21: Tie between 20 and 21 instead of 19 and 20.
Second Air–18: Too many beams on 32nd notes
Gravement, et marqué–35: Dot and beam seem to be crossed out to match Second Dessus, preserving original.
Allemande–18: Has quarter instead of eighth note.

Second Dessus
––––––––––––––––––––––
Gravement, et rondemont: This is the only part that has "et rondemont"
Gravement, et rondemont–5: To match other parts, should have breath mark.
Vivement, et marqué–13: Added breath mark.
Vivement, et marqué–23: Added breath mark.
Vivement, et marqué–31: Added breath mark.
Allemande–18: Has quarter instead of eighth note.
Sarabade–23: Extra eighth note rest after dotted D.

Basse d'archet
–––––––––––––––––––––
Vivement, et marqué–31: Très lentement, other parts just have lentement
Gravement, et marqué–23: Missing flag on D eighth note
Allemande–7: 32nd notes have one too many beams.
Allemande–13: Added breath mark.
Courante–18: Has half note instead of whole note

Basse chifrée
––––––––––––––––––––––
Gravement, et rondemont–8: Has dotted whole instead of whole + half rest
Vivement–13: Extra eighth note between Ds.
Air–21,29: 64 instead of 65 would better match Dessus parts.
Second Air–1: This is the only part that says "fort".
Gravement, et marqué–4: Natural instead of flat on E.
Allemande–15: Need to remove 5 in post. (12 glyph replaced with empty, 14 replaced with 7)